It was one of those mornings where everything seemed to be going right.
In fact, this whole year was going right.
Ever since I got baptized, my family is closer than ever.
I've made some good friends in the congregation.
I even started a Bible study.
It felt good to let go of my fears and serve Chahova with everything I have.
But things can change very quickly.
I'm sorry. You know what? I think I saw Grayson over the weekend on Saturday.
I think he might be one of those people that tells us about the Bible, one of those up.
You're saying Grayson is Chahova's witness.
Yeah, let me go ask him.
Hey, Grayson.
Hey, what's going on?
Did I see you on Saturday morning over on Main Street?
Yeah, you know, I want to jump with witnesses.
And what we do, we go out. We talk to people.
I'm sorry.
I just don't get it.
You'll go knocking on stranger's doors to support your own religion.
Yeah, you won't stand and support this country.
Why don't you people get involved and make a real difference for once?
I was really disappointed in myself.
I guess I hadn't moved past all my fears like I thought.
Later that night, for family worship, we sat down and discussed our brothers
who were in prison for their faith.
Mom, why are they in prison?
They didn't want to fight. They want to kill people.
Really touched Aiden.
He was moved to pray for them that night.
His prayer touched my heart.
And with so much of my mind, I couldn't sleep.
So I decided to get up and do some research.
I found some information on the apostle Peter.
Despite his zeal, he also struggled at times with a fear of man.
Like when he denied Jesus three times.
But eventually, he all became that fear.
We strictly ordered you not to keep teaching on the basis of this name.
And yet look, you have filled Jerusalem with your teaching
and you are determined to bring a blood of this man upon us.
We must obey God as ruler rather than men.
The God of our forefathers raised up Jesus,
whom you killed, hanging him on a stake.
Always ready to make a defense before everyone
who demands of you a reason for the hope you have.
Peter focused on his hope, not his fear.
Just like these faithful brothers have been doing,
I want to be like them and make you're over-proud of me.
The next day I woke up, I was thinking about the apostle Peter
and our brothers who were imprisoned for their faith.
And even though I was still a little nervous,
I felt ready to talk to Erk.
Yeah, you know, he does.
So I didn't get a chance to explain of the day,
but if we have a moment now, I love the way they talk to you.
I don't want to hear it.
Sorry, Jason.
And I thought that was it.
But it wasn't.
Ron said he wanted to know more.
Maybe I'll never completely get rid of my fears.
But my love for Jehovah and the example of his courageous servants
helps me be ready to meet the challenge.